Add manual benchmark workflow and S3 result persistence (#429)
emdgroup/baybe: CHANGELOG.md

- `benchmarks` subpackage for defining and running performance tests
– `Campaign.toggle_discrete_candidates` to dynamically in-/exclude discrete candidates
- `DiscreteConstraint.get_valid` to conveniently access valid candidates

> - Persistence capability for Benchmarking Results on a AWS S3 bucket from a manual pipeline run

Reviewer: Let's respect line width
```suggestion
- Functionality for persisting benchmarking results on S3 from a manual pipeline run
```

> - `Persistence capability` for `Benchmarking Results` on a AWS S3 bucket from a manual pipeline run

Reviewer 2: Remove the backticks here, these are reserved for actual objects/classes and so on.
